Audience:
- Startups with 15-100 people, who have some technical implementation capabilities in-house and have goals to scale up their growth marketing program. 
	- Likely series A (could be slightly earlier or later).
- Currently spending $100k/mo+ in ad spend, where the value generated by implementing AI capabilities in house is justified.

Pain Point:
- I want to leverage AI internally for growth, but lack the knowledge or hands on experience to know how to effectively utilize AI.

Goal: 
- I want to go from beginner to intermediate/advanced in how I leverage AI at work to accelerate results.

Solution:
- Ready to use AI tools, processes and workflows implemented within your business and training on how to use them. Includes a combination of proprietary agents and 3rd party tools, plus the specific steps to leverage each to extract value. Enables any company to have their own internally customizable AI stack they can build on, use themselves, and scale with.

Offerings:
1. Built for everyone
	- A “growth system” of tools and processes that any business can easily implement into their first existing performance marketing program. Hand off to internal team to implement.
		- Includes implementation instructions and process documentation/videos for how to get started.
		- Lower price point to entry and would require the most buttoned up solutions to avoid CS issues.
	- Optional: For minor additional cost, get regular updates to the kit with new systems/agents/tools added.
2. Built with you
	- Includes series of 3-5 meetings over 60 days and step-by-step documentation and walkthroughs of what needs to be set up. Meetings can be used to answer questions and provide guidance.
	- Dedicated slack channel for support.
	- Questionnaire to gather unique systems and context for their business.
	- Option: continue with monthly meeting and slack support for ongoing cost + updates from me on process changes/new capabilities.
	- Medium expensive option, but still accessible for most companies.
3. Done for you
	- Similar to option 2, but full end-to-end setup and support.
	- Client provides access and in depth context of their needs.
	- Malachi/hired resources go in and implement the agents/workflows/tools for them to connect with their internal systems.
	- Optional: ongoing retainer to provide support for issues/maintenance. Updates on tools and processes as new capabilities come out.
	- Upsell additional agent builds as they become available for ad hoc cost.
	- Most expensive option, but makes sense for the security of knowing a company has the optimal implementation of AI for their own team and costs less than half a FTE over the course of a year.

Value Props:
- Gain a competitive advantage by augmenting your growth program with AI.

Inspiration:
- I think of Fletch PMM as the standard for this. They offer a $10k package to design the wireframe for your website in a two week sprint. Then hand it off to you to do design and implementation (they intentionally do not do that in house). They also have a design partner they can tag in to help with that for a reasonable cost. They also offer a drive of content that has perceptible value of all of their frameworks and linkedin posts.
- For Augment, I can design the process, tools and workflows for someone to implement, and then potentially partner with a technical implementation specialist to do the actual implementation, while keeping myself high enough level to add value where I'm the most qualified (at the application/use layer).

Pricing:
- Built for everyone: $2.5k one-time fee + $250/mo
- Built with you: $10k one-time fee + $1k/mo
- Done for you: $30k one-time fee + $6k/mo

Tools and processes:
- Top tools for every function of marketing/growth and implementation/training guides. 
- Analytics agents that extract, synthesis and distill actionable insights for your team and share them with you on your preferred messaging platform
- Creative workflows/agents that develop AI UGC videos and statics for campaigns
- 